I don't understand anything.
Yeah. Their language is a little weird.
I am not talking about the language.
I am talking about the situation.
Which situation?
Oh!
The fake pregnancy thing.
What's wrong with you?
We don't understand
Marwari but
they understand Hindi.
What tete-e-tete is up  here?
Our guests are dying to meet you.
Chit chat?
No, we were... We should have socialized.
We were...
Let's go.
So, your wife's a foreigner?
Yes.
I have seen foreigners.
They keep visiting this place.
Okay.
It must be incredible, right?
With a foreigner?
Come on, tell me more.
How long have you known Chanchal?
I am her brother.
Oh,
Then you must know her
for quite some time.
You're divorced?
Yes.
Why?
There were some differences.
Obviously, you would have left her.
Why would anyone leave you?
You'll spend a couple of nights
with us, right?
In the mansion.
I'm a DJ.
I play music.
Okay, okay.
Which instrument do you play?
No. I...
I use a computer to mix music.
I compose on my own.
On a computer?
Yeah.
Then what is your talent in that?
It's a complicated process.
It's imperative to have
an understanding of music.
Do you have it?
No. I mean, you can't play any instrument
like tabla, sarangi, tanpura etc.
You are more of a
remix guy, right?
Hey,
What's the point in arguing, uncle?
He plays modern music.
Listen to it once at least.
Lunch.
Lunch is served.
I really liked your song.
Hmm.. It was quite nice.
Yeah. But the others were staring
at me like
played a hymn in a pub.
Don't worry about these vintage people..
They are not your audience.
How do you live with
these people, Chanchal?
It's not easy but..
I am used to it now.
What happened to Pranav?
He was such a cool guy.
He has turned into an ass.
What are you saying, man?
Why?
He is right.
He used to be so cool in college.
Now he is like Anil Kapoor from Virasat.
His mustache is so dense that
when I kiss him, all I get is hair.
Chanchal, you..
Are you happy here?
Are you okay?
Yeah, I...
I think so.
Actually...
Son, even the camels here have a
better sense of music than you.
What was that?
Uncle, you see..
You might not have enjoyed it..
Listen, son.
Let go of this DJ thing.
You should learn to play
music from these kids.
You will earn a lot.
They go for world tours.
Foreigners are crazy about them.
Now.. You must be knowing Madonna?
Yes. Absolutely.
Madonna. She came here last week.
You see that kid playing there?
She kissed him on his cheek.
Oh, wow!
Buniya.
Come here.
Where did Madonna kiss you?
Oh wow! So nice.
Uncle, your ride is here.
Let's go, uncle.
My wishes are with you.
Fucked up old nut!
Can we go and get a drink somewhere?
No!
That won't be possible.
Why?
This is not US or Mumbai.
The system is a little different here.
Chanchal going out for a drink?
That too with strangers..
Bro, we are her brothers.
But how will the onlookers know?
Should we tie rakhis?
See, I don't want to argue.
There are certain rules here.
Chanchal is the queen.
First lady.
So, she is not supposed
to mingle with commoners.
Pranav?
Listen, I really don't understand
what the big deal is?
Listen.
Can we not get into a discussion
about this right now?
Please? Don't talk about it now?
And by the way, I  have
a great plan for you people.
I'm going to play Polo.
You also accompany us.
Watch the match.
And then after that...
You will taste our Khus flavored alcohol.
And Faluda (sweet) for you.
Polo?
Khus?
Faluda?
Shall we go?
So, now you know what
I am dealing with.
But, what is this fake pregnancy thing?
The entire family is after me.
Pressurizing me.
They are dying for an heir.
But things aren't there yet.
What?
You and Pranav haven't had sex yet?
Of course we have had sex, you idiot.
I just haven't got pregnant yet.
Chanchu, are you infertile?
What are you saying, man?
She's your sister!
No, Chitvan. I am quite fertile.
Thank you.
It's just...
I don't want a child yet.
So, why don't you want a child?
I am not sure.
First of all, Pranav and I
should be on the same page.
Same page?
As of now, you both are
are on different books.
You are an expert on relationships, right?
Baba, I am the only one in this car
whose marriage is not in ruins.
Yeah, because you are not married...
He is such an idiot.
Forget it. It's futile talking to him.
Tell me, what do you want to do now?
You have lied about this whole thing.
Sooner or later, the truth will be out.
To be honest, I have not
thought it through.
I just told a small lie. I had no idea
that the entire thing will...
So, what's the plan now?
Listen.
You should get pregnant.
Make love after Polo tonight.
Don't talk about all of this
in front of me, Chitvan.
I will forward you a picture on WhatsApp.
It shows best positions for quick results.
Chitvan, just stop this nonsense.
Please!
Fuck. I need a drink.
Hello.
Yeah, hello. What happened?
Yeah, listen.
I am not feeling too well.
Okay. So I will just call them
and cancel the tournament.
Send the horses
back to the stable.
No. Don't send the horses back.
Listen, I will go back
home with these guys.
We have a lot of catching
up to do anyways.
You should go ahead.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
Bye.
Okay. I'll see you at dinner.
Don't send the horses.
Bring them back.
Let's go.
Are we clear?
So?
Where are we going?
Mansion, right?
Baba.
You are beautiful.
Chanchu.
Yeah.
Remember you had a boyfriend
back in college?
His name sounded like some sea-food?
Ajitesh Jhingan?
Jhingan!
Yeah.
Yeah. I met him.
He was at my club.
Yeah?
You left him or he left you?
I left him, bro.
Big mistake.
He is a millionaire now.
You should have married him.
Logic is not your strong point, right?
Pranav is also rich.
Yeah. But he is in a desert, Baba.
He doesn't come to my club.
Listen, one second.
What happened to your girlfriend?
Shuchi?
Nothing.
What do you mean?
I mean..
She was my last girlfriend but
I was not her last boyfriend.
By the way, my ex..
I mean..
You already know
about my ex-wife.
Sorry?
No..
Well, it was my turn, right?
I thought it's my turn.
You guys are done now, so..
I thought...that...
Oh, fuck it.
Full FOMO.
What is FOMO?
FOMO?
What?
Fear Of Missing Out, Baba.
#GetWithIt, big bro.
What is this?
I thought US would make
him a little cool.
Whiskey.
Which one?
Any.
Hi.
Payal.
Hi, I am Chandan. How are you?
So, Chandan. Can I
buy you a drink?
Sorry?
Since you did not ask.
I thought I should.
I'm so sorry. Can I buy you a...
What will you have?
It depends.
On what?
On our plans after the drink.
You can join us for dinner.
Everyone eats after a drink.
Why don't we do something different?
Give me another drink.
Different as in?
Like...
I don't know.
Dancing.
Dancing?
I can't dance.
Look at Baba grooving.
Taking out all the
frustration of the divorce.
It's like he's in a trance.
What did the chillum
Baba mix in this, man?
I am seeing things.
I can even see my brother-in-law
Whooo
What?
Hey!
Hey
Hey, pink shirt.
Play the music, man.
How are you feeling now?
Look Pranav,
-We just wanted to spend some time to...
-Please.
You were drinking.
In your condition
So irresponsible
Whatever happened today,
shouldn't have happened
The consequences of this will
be known tomorrow.
As of now, to handle this
situation, I have taken a decision.
What situation?
Chandan.
Chitvan.
I really regret saying this but,
both of you need to leave
my house right now.
Dude, What the fuck!
What is wrong with you?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong with you?
With me?
Ya bro there is something very
very very very wrong with you!
Please stay quite, Chitvan.
Hey, don't say please and all, man.
And what is all this 'situation',
'tete-e-tete'?
What are you saying man?
Chandan, please explain to him.
Hey stop this thing!
Am I Alok Nath or what?
Acting all royal and shit.
What is wrong with you, man?
What do you want to say, man?
Say it clearly!
Why are you guys
fucking my case, man?
I have so many responsibilities!
I am going to stand for the elections.
I have to uphold a personality,
an image...
In your private life too?
Chanchal you knew of my background.
Yeah but I didn't know your background
would become your foreground.
One minute, one minute
S..,Sorry
So, you do this maanyavar
acting all the time?
This isn't acting
dude, this is my life.
People have expectations from me.
And you guys are creating
even more problems for me.
Do you think I like throwing
you guys out of here?
But if your behavior harms the
reputation of my family then...
'Reputation'.
Oh, fuck me!
How much Hindi does he
throw our way, Baba?
What non-sense is this?
Hey, you shut up, Chitvan.
Just..Just be quite yeah or else I..
Or else what?
It'll be really bad.
Hey!
Are you threatening my brother?
Look at how your brother's  behaving?
Keeping aside the night's shenanigans,
This Chitvan even ruined the whole party!
What the hell were you playing?
Huh! What were you playing?
Don't say anything about
my music or else...
Hey, you shut your face man!
I'll hit you with on your nose.
You 'fuckin'!
Hey... Hey Chandan.
And what were you doing?
Such dirty, vulgar dance?
You looked like a filthy pervert.
This is why your wife
must have left you.
Fuck!
I am so sorry.
I am so sorry!
Pranav, it was an impulsive thing
I... I didn't mean to...
We'll go actually, you know...
Oh, f##k!
Pranav!
Baba
Stop it, stop it!
Pranav!
Stop it!
Enough!
Hey!
Chanchal what...what do you intend to do?
I don't know.
I am frustrated.
By the way, it doesn't work.
What?
It is really old.
As old as the Sepoy mutiny.
I am sorry, I think
I said a little too much.
But it will be better if
both of you leave.
No
They aren't going anywhere.
Chanchal, please stay out of this, okay?
Why?
They are my brothers.
Suddenly you are so
affectionate towards them?
You guys don't talk
for three years at a stretch.
You don't know how to be there
for each other.
Suddenly they drop in here.
So now they are your brothers?
No, no I am sorry,
they have to go, okay?
I need to answer...
My family, my people.
Your people?
Who are your people, Pranav?
Get out of this Mangal Pandey era!
Open your eyes.
You are not the prince of any province.
You are just the rich owner
of an old mansion.
And there are forty people
who sympathize about your family.
And 40 people make a Whatsapp group.
Not a kingdom!
Shut up, Chanchal!
Don't you dare talk
to me like that.
Bro, just take it easy, okay?
Listen, it will be better if you don't
interfere in our personal matters.
Okay?
Chanchal, just go
to your room and I'll sort this.
No!
I'll do whatever I have to do.
I am your wife, Pranav.
Not a servant.
And one more thing.
These two will not go anywhere tonight.
That is not for you to decide.
Fine.
If they go, I go.
Go.
Fine. Come.
One minute, one minute one minute
Everybody just calm down.
There's no need of so much stress.
Chanchal, we were about to
leave in a while anyway. So
You know let's not stretch this thing.
No, why shouldn't I stretch it?
Is this how your Rajput ancestors
taught you to treat your guests?
Chanchal, enough!
I am not scared of you, Pranav.
I am not from the world which
bows in front of you, remember?
Outside you roam around
like the king of the jungle.
But the truth is that
in the bedroom you...
That means our brother-in-law is impotent?
Just...
Get the fuck out of my house.
Just go.
Come on.
Let's go.
It's done.
Fuck!
Take out the car.
Which one should I take out, sir?
Idiot!
The one that works, that one.
Yes, sir.